---
title: "Starting"
date: 2021-11-22T18:55:13-03:00
authorLink: ../../english/author/sadrach
author: sadrach
tags: ["Personal"]
---
**Starting**

Yes, sadrach is my real name.
This is a **personal** space, not all the things I will share here are for teaching purposes, rather they are a reminder of how I am doing things and documenting the process.

So many times I will simply throw out comments, thoughts or analysis that probably only I will find
that probably only I will find interesting. But if you find it useful and/or share it, it's fine, otherwise I'm not really interested, I don't have time to go around arguing about personal thoughts.

It is not the same with things that have a purpose to teach or remember the processes carried out, there if I am interested in comments and opinions because I think that clearly I do not know everything and there are people better trained or with more knowledge that can contribute to improve. In the same way if you have doubts or questions, I have no problem to help and share knowledge with people, just that I do not live of this and I will do it when I have time. Although I am connected almost always so it won't take more than 1 day to have an answer. 

For obvious reasons I will not enable a comment system, but in case of any question, help or error you can use the [Issues in this repository](https://github.com/sadrach-cl/site/issues) system.

Some publications will have an English version, since many projects require the documentation in English and it is the predominant language... Please excuse me for not being able to speak English. I understand it in several ways but I'm not bilingual so most of the time I rely on [Deepl translator](https://www.deepl.com/) which has pretty decent results. So those kind of articles will be with precise instructions and as brief as possible without getting too technical and aiming directly at the execution. Also most of the documentation is in English, the difficult thing is to find it in Spanish and that is where I point.

That, greetings.

